Icons:

Add Staff: This button adds staff to the budget information used in the staffing simulator.

Filter by Shift: This helps nurses filter the shift by the amount of hours worked.

Random Scenario: Prepopulates the hospital staffing scenario fields.

Show Budget: This displays the budget of Hours for days Remaining, total staff expenses, shift per hours
and time of day (Day shift hours, evening shift hours, and night shift hours).


Hover:

Staff Budget: This is the total amount of money set aside for staffing the various units based on the staff qualification. To calculate the staff budget-
totalBudget = totalRNs * 35 + totalLVNs * 24 + totalUnlicensed * 15

Hospital Units: These are wards where patients are admitted depending on the severity of their health condition. Some of the hospital units are:
intensive care, non-intensive care, and other specialty units.

Number of beds: The total number of beds available in the hospital wards.

Hours for Day Remaining: The amount of hours left in the budget after staffing.

HPPD (Hours Per Patient Day): is the measurement of the average number of hours needed to care for each patient on the unit. To calculate HPPD - totalHPPD 
= (numberPatients * inputHPPD) - totalStaffHours

Census: This is the total number of patients admitted to the health facility at any time of the day.

Staff Type: This enables the nurses schedule staff members based on their license (RN, LVN, UNLICENSED).

Shift: The work schedule that employees complete at different rotations. It can be an 8 hour or a 12 hour rotation.

Quantity: The total amount of rotations a nurse completes in a day.

Shift Total: The total amount of hours nurses completes at the end of a particular pay period.

Day Shift Hours: The shift that is done during the day. It usually occur between morning - afternoon period.

Evening Shift Hours: This can also be called swing shift. It's a shift that starts in the evenings and ends sometimes in the early hours of the night.

Night Shift Hours: This shift can also be called graveyard shift. It's a shift that starts at midnight and ends in the early hours of the morning .

Total Staff Expenses: The total amount of money budgeted by the hospital for staff welfare.



